Eugenie Kitchen
Hi, I am Eugenie.
Today I am making delicious Taiwanese invention,
bubble tea, of two flavors: milk tea and coconut.
You can find my recipes at Eugeniekitchen.com
First, cook black tapioca according to the
directions on the package.
And drain and wash with cold water.
And soak 1/3 cup of tapioca in 3 tablespoons
of simple sugar syrup.
And let sit for one hour.
And make ½ cup of strong black tea with a
teabag.
And let cool to room temperature.
Then in a cup add the tapioca and syrup mixture,
2/3 cup of ice cubes,
cooled black tea,
1 tablespoon of simple syrup
and finally add in ½ cup of cold milk.
Voila!
Classic bubble tea, milk tea boba.
I love sweet milk tea with chewy boba, Giant
tapioca pearls.
In fact this is milkier than the bubble tea
last summer.
And for children,
in a cup add the tapioca and syrup mixture.
And in a shaker, add 2/3 cup of ice cubes,
1/4 cup of coconut cream (4 tablespoons),
½ cup of cold milk,
and 1 tablespoon of simple syrup.
And shake rigorously until combine.
Then pour over the tapioca-syrup mixture.
And voila, no-caffeine drink coconut bubble
tea.
I just love this delicious tropical flavor.
Milk tea and coconut: seriously those are
some of my favorites.
Bon appetit.
Do you have cravings for this sweet ice-cold
drink?
Make bubble tea at home.
If you have giant black tapioca pearls, it's
just a snap.
This hot summer,
I wish you enjoy this ultimate Taiwanese summer
drink, bubble tea, at home.
Thank you for watching. Bye!